Add answer to "will there be output?" in audits.md (#6386)
pulibrary/figgy: docs/technical/preservation/audits.md

  * figgy:preservation:full_audit_restart - Use this task to run the initial full audit
  * figgy:preservation:full_audit_resume - Use this task if the full audit process is interrupted

> You will eventually see a progress bar. See the tasks in that file for the location to access the reports.

Author: ```suggestion
In 10 minutes or so you will see a progress bar. Check on it every once in a while; it will take maybe a week to generate the full report. See the tasks in that file for the location to access the reports.
```
